Information Messages
====================

Scope
-----

The information messages by DEC SW are meant in general for tracing the
nominal performed circulations allowing consumers to monitor them.

Index of Messages
-----------------

-   **\[DEC\_000\]** : DEC Database / Inventory \$table created

-   **\[DEC\_001\]** : Interface added to DEC Inventory

-   **\[DEC\_002\]** : Valid schema check for configuration file

-   **\[DEC\_003\]** I/F \"interface\": Interface is correctly declared
    in the DEC Inventory

-   **\[DEC\_004\]** I/F \"interface\": Exchange point is reachable

-   **\[DEC\_005\]** I/F \"interface\": Polling Started

-   **\[DEC\_006\]** I/F \"interface\": Automation Listener Status
    Active

-   **\[DEC\_007\]** I/F \"interface\": Automation Listener Status
    Inactive

-   **\[DEC\_050\]** I/F \"interface\": Polling Completed / No file(s)
    available for pull

-   **\[DEC\_060\]** I/F \"interface\": Polling Completed / New file(s)
    available for pull

-   **\[DEC\_100\]** I/F \"interface\": Pull iteration completed for
    such interface

-   **\[DEC\_105\]** I/F \"interface\": \"filename\" is available

-   **\[DEC\_110\]** I/F \"interface\": Downloaded \"filename\" with
    size \"num\_bytes\" bytes

-   **\[DEC\_111\]** I/F \"interface\": Downloaded \"filename\" with
    same md5 / duplication

-   **\[DEC\_115\]** Disseminated \"filename\" into \"directory\" Intray

-   **\[DEC\_116\]** Compressed \"filename\" in \"method\" at
    \"directory\" Intray

-   **\[DEC\_120\]** I/F \"interface\": Deleting unknown file
    \"filename\" available

-   **\[DEC\_125\]** I/F \"interface\": Deleting duplicated file
    \"filename\" previously received

-   **\[DEC\_126\]** I/F \"interface\": Deleted downloaded file
    \"filename\"

-   **\[DEC\_130\]** I/F \"interface\": event \"name\" triggered

-   **\[DEC\_131\]** I/F \"interface\": event NewFile2Intray triggered

-   **\[DEC\_135\]** I/F \"interface\": \"filename\" pull report created

-   **\[DEC\_210\]** I/F \"interface\": File \"filename\" sent using
    \"protocol\"

-   **\[DEC\_211\]** File retrieved from SourceDir to the GlobalOutbox
    (prior its *push* circulation)

-   **\[DEC\_212\]** File removed from SourceDir upon DEC\_211

-   **\[DEC\_213\]** File placed at the Interface LocalOutbox

-   **\[DEC\_214\]** File compressed at the interface LocalOutbox

-   **\[DEC\_254\]** Request of OData metadata to interface

-   **\[DEC\_255\]** Retry Request of OData URL

-   **\[DEC\_257\]** Metadata OData file created

-   **\[DEC\_259\]** Download request to an OData interface delivery
    point

-   **\[DEC\_260\]** Successful download from an OData interface
    delivery point

-   **\[AUX\_001\]** File conversion from source file source is
    performed

-   **\[NATS001\]** I/F \"interface\": NATS Request performed

-   **\[NATS002\]** I/F \"interface\": NATS Request is successful

-   **\[NATS003\]** I/F \"interface\": NATS Subscribe to some queue is
    performed

[\[DEC000\]]{#DEC000 label="DEC000"}

\[DEC\_000\] DEC Database / Inventory \$table created
-----------------------------------------------------

This message is generated by when creating the DEC Inventory database
and the associated tables which are necessary to be able to persist the
records of the performed circulations.

        [DEC_000] DEC Database / Inventory table interfaces created
        [DEC_000] DEC Database / Inventory table tracked_files created
        [DEC_000] DEC Database / Inventory table received_files created
        [DEC_000] DEC Database / Inventory table sent_files created

[\[DEC001\]]{#DEC001 label="DEC001"}

\[DEC\_001\] Interface added into DEC Inventory
-----------------------------------------------

This message is generated by when adding a new interface into the DEC
Inventory database to be able to persist the records of the performed
circulations.

[\[DEC002\]]{#DEC002 label="DEC002"}

\[DEC\_002\] Node XML configuration is valid
--------------------------------------------

This message is generated by tool when checking the DEC configuration
XML syntax and semantics across the different configuration files ; one
message is generated for each configuration file.

        [DEC_002] Valid schema check for dec_config
        [DEC_002] Valid schema check for dec_interfaces
        [DEC_002] Valid schema check for dec_incoming_files
        [DEC_002] Valid schema check for dec_outgoing_files
        [DEC_002] Valid schema check for ft_mail_config
        [DEC_002] Valid schema check for dec_log_config

[\[DEC003\]]{#DEC003 label="DEC003"}

\[DEC\_003\] Interface Correctly Declared in the Inventory
----------------------------------------------------------

This message is generated by tool when checking the availability of the
configured interfaces tool when checking the availability of the
configured interfaces.

[\[DEC004\]]{#DEC004 label="DEC004"}

\[DEC\_004\] Interface Exchange Point Reachable
-----------------------------------------------

This message is generated by tool when checking the availability of the
configured interfaces.

[\[DEC005\]]{#DEC005 label="DEC005"}

\[DEC\_005\] Interface Polling Start
------------------------------------

This message time tags the start of the polling operation to *pull*
files from a given interface. The time to poll and filter the file to be
pulled depends on the number of files published, the different rules
configured for download or / and verification with the database of
previous downloads ; measurements can be done with this message and its
conclusion which is flagged by or message.

[\[DEC006\]]{#DEC006 label="DEC006"}

\[DEC\_006\] Interface Automation Listener Active
-------------------------------------------------

This message time the automation listener status *Active* to *pull*
files from a given interface.

[\[DEC007\]]{#DEC007 label="DEC007"}

\[DEC\_007\] Interface Automation Listener Inactive
---------------------------------------------------

This message time the automation listener status *Inactive* to *pull*
files from a given interface.

[\[DEC050\]]{#DEC050 label="DEC050"}

\[DEC\_050\] Interface Polling Complete / No File(s) Available
--------------------------------------------------------------

This message is logged upon completion filtering the files published in
the download interface and verification of eventual duplications in the
database without any *new* file meeting the download rules. It can be
used to measure the time required to perform the filtering operations.

[\[DEC060\]]{#DEC060 label="DEC060"}

\[DEC\_060\] Interface Polling Complete / New File(s) Available
---------------------------------------------------------------

This message is logged upon completion filtering the files published in
the download interface and verification of eventual duplications in the
database reporting there are some *new* files for download. It can be
used to measure the time required to perform the filtering operations.

[\[DEC100\]]{#DEC100 label="DEC100"}

\[DEC\_100\] Interface Pull Iteration Completed
-----------------------------------------------

This message is logged upon the completion of the pull circulation loop.

[\[DEC105\]]{#DEC105 label="DEC105"}

\[DEC\_105\] File Available
---------------------------

The file referenced in the message met any of the filtering rules
defined in the configuration *dec\_incoming\_files.xml* and it is
therefore available for download from the interface. This message is
logged only when the *--list* mode is used, otherwise the files matching
the rules are directly downloaded and logged accordingly.

[\[DEC110\]]{#DEC110 label="DEC110"}

\[DEC\_110\] File Downloaded
----------------------------

The file referenced in the message has been downloaded from the
interface and placed into the associated to such interface. If the same
file is available again at the same interface, the DEC will detect a
file duplication condition.

[\[DEC111\]]{#DEC111 label="DEC111"}

\[DEC\_111\] File Downloaded with same MD5
------------------------------------------

The downloaded file from the interface referenced in the message has the
same md5 with respect to the previous retrieval and it is handled as a
file duplication condition.

[\[DEC115\]]{#DEC115 label="DEC115"}

\[DEC\_115\] File Disseminated
------------------------------

The file referenced in the message met any of the and it has been moved
from into the Intray(s) matching the first .

[\[DEC116\]]{#DEC116 label="DEC116"}

\[DEC\_116\] File Compressed
----------------------------

The file referenced in the message has been compressed according to the
*Compress* optional configuration item of the *Intray* entity.

[\[DEC117\]]{#DEC117 label="DEC117"}

\[DEC\_117\] File Uncompressed
------------------------------

The file referenced in the message has been compressed according to the
*Compress* optional configuration item of the *Intray* entity.

\[DEC\_120\] Unknown File Deleted
---------------------------------

According to the configuration item defined in *dec\_config.xml*
configuration, a file available in the *pull* interface, which did not
match any filtering rule defined in the configuration
*dec\_incoming\_files.xml* has been deleted from the *DownloadDirs*
*Directory* of such interface it was present.

[\[DEC125\]]{#DEC125 label="DEC125"}

\[DEC\_125\] Duplicated File Deleted
------------------------------------

According to the configuration item defined in *dec\_config.xml*
configuration, a file available in the *pull* interface, which has been
previously downloaded successfully such interface is considered
duplicated and it is removed directly in download directory without
downloading it.

[\[DEC126\]]{#DEC126 label="DEC126"}

\[DEC\_126\] File Deleted
-------------------------

According to the configuration item defined in
*dec\_incoming\_files.xml* for every interface, the file which has been
successfully *pulled* is deleted subsequently. This message can also be
logged when deleting duplicated files.

\[DEC\_130\] Event Triggered
----------------------------

The message traces some event which has been triggered for a given
interface according to the configuration items defined in .

### Event newfile2intray

This event is triggered upon successful polling completion (cf. ) which
drove dissemination of some files (cf. ).

    [DEC_130] LEAP I/F : event newfile2intray => auxConverter -f /S3/Leap_Second.dat

### Event onreceivenewfilesok

This event is triggered upon successful polling completion (cf. ) which
drove download of some files (cf. ).

    [DEC_130] LEAP I/F : event onreceivenewfilesok triggered => echo %f RECEIVED

\[DEC\_131\] Dissemination Command Execution 
--------------------------------------------

The message traces some event which has been triggered for a given
interface according to the configuration item *\"Execution\"* defined in
the .

[\[DEC135\]]{#DEC135 label="DEC135"}

\[DEC\_135\] Report Generation of Files Pulled
----------------------------------------------

The message traces the generation of the DEC report containing the files
retrieved during a pull iteration from a given interface.

[\[DEC144\]]{#DEC144 label="DEC144"}

\[DEC\_144\] Pull Statistics
----------------------------

This message is generated by to supply some statistics regarding the
file *pull* operations during the last \"n\" hours. The internal of log
messages is a JSON string referring to:

-   **filename** : the name of the file pushed

-   **size** : size of the file in Bytes

-   **protocol** : protocol the file was pushed

-   **date** : date of the circulation

[\[DEC200\]]{#DEC200 label="DEC200"}

\[DEC\_200\] Push iteration to Interface completed successfully
---------------------------------------------------------------

This message traces the successful push circulation completion.

[\[DEC203\]]{#DEC203 label="DEC203"}

\[DEC\_203\] Request to Push File to Interface started
------------------------------------------------------

This message traces the start of a given file push circulation towards
an interface.

[\[DEC205\]]{#DEC205 label="DEC205"}

\[DEC\_205\] Push Retry to Interface waiting LoopDelay
------------------------------------------------------

Push loop which has failed any circulation (cf. ) is waiting *LoopDelay*
seconds to retry.

[\[DEC206\]]{#DEC206 label="DEC206"}

\[DEC\_206\] Push Immediate Retry to Re-sending File to Interface waiting LoopDelay
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Push loop which has failed any circulation (cf. ) is waiting *LoopDelay*
seconds to retry.

[\[DEC210\]]{#DEC210 label="DEC210"}

\[DEC\_210\] File Pushed to Interface
-------------------------------------

The file referenced in the message has been uploaded to the interface
placed into its .

[\[DEC211\]]{#DEC211 label="DEC211"}

\[DEC\_211\] Push Setup / File at GlobalOutbox
----------------------------------------------

The file has been placed in the GlobalOutbox for push circulations.

[\[DEC212\]]{#DEC212 label="DEC212"}

\[DEC\_212\] Push Setup / File at Removed from SourceDir
--------------------------------------------------------

The file has been removed from the SourceDir upon its previous
availability at the GlobalOutbox for push circulation.

[\[DEC213\]]{#DEC213 label="DEC213"}

\[DEC\_213\] Push Setup / File at Interface LocalOutbox
-------------------------------------------------------

The file has been placed in the Interface LocalOutbox for push
circulations.

[\[DEC214\]]{#DEC214 label="DEC214"}

\[DEC\_214\] Push Setup / File Compressed at Interface LocalOutbox
------------------------------------------------------------------

The file has been compressed in the Interface LocalOutbox location for
push circulations.

[\[DEC235\]]{#DEC235 label="DEC235"}

\[DEC\_235\] Report Generation DeliveredFiles to Interface
----------------------------------------------------------

This message traces the generation of the report which refers to the
files pushed towards the configured interfaces.

[\[DEC240\]]{#DEC240 label="DEC240"}

\[DEC\_240\] Push Email Notification to Interface
-------------------------------------------------

TBW / decNotify2Interface.

[\[DEC241\]]{#DEC241 label="DEC241"}

\[DEC\_241\] Push Error Email Notification to Interface
-------------------------------------------------------

TBW / decNotify2Interface.

[\[DEC244\]]{#DEC244 label="DEC244"}

\[DEC\_244\] Push Statistics
----------------------------

This message is generated by to supply some statistics regarding the
file *push* operations during the last \"n\" hours. The internal of the
log message is a JSON string referring to:

-   **filename** : the name of the file pushed

-   **size** : size of the file in Bytes

-   **protocol** : protocol the file was pushed

-   **date** : date of the circulation

\"filename\":\"tai-utc.dat\",\"size\":61,\"interface\":\"LOCAL\",\"protocol\":\"FTP;\",\"date\":\"2020-04-15
17:03:19 UTC\"
\"filename\":\"mario.jpg\",\"size\":32478,\"interface\":\"LOCAL\",\"protocol\":\"FTP;\",\"date\":\"2020-04-15
17:03:19 UTC\"

[\[DEC254\]]{#DEC254 label="DEC254"}

\[DEC\_254\] Request OData Metadata to Interface
------------------------------------------------

Request of OData Metadata to an interface.

[\[DEC255\]]{#DEC255 label="DEC255"}

\[DEC\_255\] Retry Request OData URL
------------------------------------

Retry to request OData URL.

[\[DEC257\]]{#DEC257 label="DEC257"}

\[DEC\_257\] OData Metadata File Created
----------------------------------------

Query reply from an OData service dumped to file.

[\[DEC259\]]{#DEC259 label="DEC259"}

\[DEC\_259\] OData Download Request
-----------------------------------

Request to download using HTTP a product from an OData service.

[\[DEC260\]]{#DEC260 label="DEC260"}

\[DEC\_260\] OData Download Successful
--------------------------------------

Product download successful from an OData service.

[\[AUX001\]]{#AUX001 label="AUX001"}

\[AUX\_001\] Auxiliary Data Conversion
--------------------------------------

This message contains trace information regarding the file conversions
from some source.

[\[NATS001\]]{#NATS001 label="NATS001"}

\[NATS001\] NATS Request Perfomed
---------------------------------

This message contains trace information regarding the NATS request
performed to an interface: server, subject and body.

[\[NATS002\]]{#NATS002 label="NATS002"}

\[NATS002\] NATS Request Successful
-----------------------------------

This message contains trace information regarding the NATS request
reply.

[\[NATS003\]]{#NATS003 label="NATS003"}

\[NATS003\] NATS Subscribe Performed
------------------------------------

This message contains trace information regarding the NATS subscribe
message.

Warning Messages
================

Scope
-----

The warning messages by DEC SW are meant in general for tracing not
nominal situations which might eventually require some intervention.

Index of Messages
-----------------

-   **\[DEC\_301\]** Detected duplicated file \"filename\" already
    received from \"interface\" I/F

-   **\[DEC\_320\]** Detected unknown file \"filename\" available at
    \"interface\" I/F

-   **\[DEC\_330\]** \"filename\" is stuck in \"temporal\" directory

-   **\[DEC\_331\]** \"filename\" is stuck in LocalInbox directory

-   **\[DEC\_401\]** \"filename\" was previously sent

-   **\[DEC\_555\]** \"filename\" was previously Sent

[\[DEC301\]]{#DEC301 label="DEC301"}

\[DEC\_301\] Duplicated File Available
--------------------------------------

The file reported is available again at the *pull* interface ; if the
inventory is active, DEC retrieves just once a given file from each
interface. This message will be reported during every polling iteration
unless the *duplicated* file is removed from the interface.

[\[DEC320\]]{#DEC320 label="DEC320"}

\[DEC\_320\] Unknown File Available
-----------------------------------

The file reported is available in the *pull* interface, but did not
match any filtering rule defined in the configuration
*dec\_incoming\_files.xml*. This message will be repeated every polling
iteration unless the *unknown* file is removed from the interface.

[\[DEC330\]]{#DEC330 label="DEC330"}

\[DEC\_330\] File Stuck in Temporal Directory
---------------------------------------------

This warning is associated to error message informing that the file was
successfully downloaded and stuck in the temporal directory available
for contingency recovery.

[\[DEC340\]]{#DEC340 label="DEC340"}

\[DEC\_340\] Email notification is disabled for the Interface
-------------------------------------------------------------

This warning is obtained when triggering for an interface whose
configuration has such notifications disabled (cf. flag ).

[\[DEC401\]]{#DEC401 label="DEC401"}

\[DEC\_401\] File Previously Uploaded
-------------------------------------

The file reported has been found available again for upload towards an
interface though it has been previously *pushed* there ; since the
*push* iteration is executed with the \"once\" flag, this file has been
discarded for upload.

[\[DEC501\]]{#DEC501 label="DEC501"}

\[DEC\_501\] Interface already present in DEC Inventory
-------------------------------------------------------

This warning message is generated by when requesting addition of an
interface which is already present in the DEC Inventory database.

[\[DEC555\]]{#DEC555 label="DEC555"}

\[DEC\_555\] File Disseminated Exists
-------------------------------------

This message is raised when a previous file with same filename is found
disseminating locally into an in-tray.

[\[DEC556\]]{#DEC556 label="DEC556"}

\[DEC\_556\] Old File Removed
-----------------------------

This message is raised upon detection of a previous file in the final
intray to record its deletion prior the dissemination of the new one.

Error Messages
==============

Scope
-----

The error messages by DEC SW are meant in general for tracing problems
encountered during one iteration which prevented the complete
termination of any circulation rule.

Index of Messages
-----------------

-   **\[DEC\_600\]** I/F \"interface\": Could not perform polling

-   **\[DEC\_604\]** I/F \"interface\": Exchange Point Not Reachable

-   **\[DEC\_605\]** I/F \"interface\": Pull Miss-Configuration

-   **\[DEC\_610\]** I/F \"interface\": Unable to connect to

-   **\[DEC\_611\]** I/F \"interface\": reason of the connection failure

-   **\[DEC\_612\]** I/F \"interface\": Cannot reach directory defined
    in any of the the

-   **\[DEC\_613\]** I/F \"interface\": server message associated to the
    failure associated to the change of directory

-   **\[DEC\_614\]** I/F \"interface\": Cannot GET \"URL\"

-   **\[DEC\_615\]** I/F \"interface\": Failed to get list of files /
    FTP passive mode is \"mode\"

-   **\[DEC\_620\]** I/F \"interface\": Could not copy \"file\" into
    local \"directory\"

-   **\[DEC\_625\]** Dissemination failure of \"file\" into intray
    \"directory\" using mv command

-   **\[DEC\_626\]** Dissemination failure of \"file\" into intray
    \"directory\" using hard-links command

-   **\[DEC\_627\]** Compression / Uncompression failure of \"file\"
    into intray \"directory\" using hard-links command

-   **\[DEC\_628\]** Failure when executing command

-   **\[DEC\_666\]** I/F \"interface\": Could not download \"file\"

-   **\[DEC\_667\]** OData I/F \"interface\": Could not download
    \"file\"

-   **\[DEC\_705\]** I/F \"interface\": Push miss-configuration

-   **\[DEC\_711\]** Could not reach directory from *SourceDir* to fetch
    files for push

-   **\[DEC\_713\]** Could not place file in *LocalOutbox* to prepare
    files out-tray for push

-   **\[DEC\_798\]** Configuration problem

-   **\[DEC\_799\]** Integration problem

-   **\[AUX\_600\]** Cannot read specified file

-   **\[AUX\_666\]** Input file is not recognized

[\[DEC600\]]{#DEC600 label="DEC600"}

\[DEC\_600\] Failed to Pull from Interface
------------------------------------------

This message is raised at the completion of the interface polling
operation (i.e. *pull* circulation)when it failed. Reason should have
been previously logged (e.g. , ,etc). Polling elapse time can be
computed by referring to the associated message.

[\[DEC601\]]{#DEC601 label="DEC601"}

\[DEC\_601\] Failed to Start Listener for Interface
---------------------------------------------------

This message is raised when the interface commanded for *pull*
circulation is miss-configured. It is usually explained by message.

[\[DEC603\]]{#DEC603 label="DEC603"}

\[DEC\_603\] Listener for Interface was not running
---------------------------------------------------

This message is raised when the interface commanded to stop or re-start
its listener was not previously switched-on.

[\[DEC604\]]{#DEC604 label="DEC604"}

\[DEC\_604\] Interface Exchange Point Not Reachable
---------------------------------------------------

This message is generated by tool when checking the availability of the
configured interfaces. This message is the counter side of tracing that
the check tool could not reach the exchange point, which may be related
to miss-configuration or network unavailability.

[\[DEC605\]]{#DEC605 label="DEC605"}

\[DEC\_605\] Pull Miss-Configuration
------------------------------------

This message is raised when interface commanded for *pull* circulation
is miss-configured.

### Not existing interface in dec\_interfaces.xml 

    [DEC_605] I/F Foo: such is not a configured interface

### Inventory db is not configured / reachable 

    [DEC_605] I/F Foo: db inventory is not configured / reachable

### Not registered interface in database 

Polling is performed using the database but such interface has not been
registered.

    [DEC_605] I/F Foo: such is not a registered I/F in db

### Pull flag is disabled in dec\_interfaces.xml 

    [DEC_605] I/F IERS: Enabled4Receiving flag is disabled

### I/F LocalInbox not defined in dec\_incoming\_files.xml 

    [DEC_605] I/F Foo: LocalInbox configuration item not found

[\[DEC610\]]{#DEC610 label="DEC610"}

\[DEC\_610\] Unable to Connect to server
----------------------------------------

This error is raised when it is not possible to connect to using the .

\[DEC\_611\] Pull Server Error Message {#DEC611}
--------------------------------------

This error code can bring different messages associated to the
connection failure \[DEC\_610\] is reporting. Errors can driven by
miss-configuration of the associated to such interface or its
unavailability due to network problems.

### Hostname is unknown

    [DEC_611] I/F LOCALHOST_NOT_SECURE: getaddrinfo: nodename nor servname provided, or not known

### Service not enabled by host

    [DEC_611] I/F LOCALHOST_NOT_SECURE: Connection refused - connect(2) for 127.0.0.1:21

### SSL/TLS not configured by server

    [DEC_611] I/F LOCALHOST_FTPS: 500 This security scheme is not implemented

### Failed authentication

The authentication failure message differs depending on the network
protocol used for pull.

    [DEC_611] I/F LOCALHOST_NOT_SECURE: 530 Login authentication failed

\[DEC\_612\] Cannot Reach Interface Download Directory {#DEC612}
------------------------------------------------------

Failed to reach one of the *Directory* of the of a given interface.

\[DEC\_613\] Server Error Message 
---------------------------------

The information replied by the server when error condition arises is
usually meaningless to understand the root reason to limit the risks of
security attacks. It usually is related to file permissions on the
server or miss-configuration problems referring to a non existing
directory.

    [DEC_613] LOCALHOST I/F: 550 Can't change directory to /a/if/local/: No such file or directory

[\[DEC614\]]{#DEC614 label="DEC614"}

\[DEC\_614\] Cannot Get URL
---------------------------

Failed to get the URL associated to one *Directory* of the of a given
interface when using the HTTP protocol.

[\[DEC615\]]{#DEC615 label="DEC615"}

\[DEC\_615\] Failed to list files with FTP
------------------------------------------

In practical terms, this is a failure when performing the FTP command
list to obtain the list of files available in a given directory.

\[DEC\_620\] Downloaded File not Copied into Final Dir {#DEC620}
------------------------------------------------------

The file retrieved from the interface could not be copied into the final
directory defined in the configuration. This is usually a problem of
file permissions.

\[DEC\_625\] File Move Dissemination Failure {#DEC625}
--------------------------------------------

This error is raised when DEC could not disseminate a file into a given
*Intray* according to the using a mv command. This is usually associated
to file permission problems of the *Intray* directory.

\[DEC\_626\] File Hard-Link Dissemination Failure {#DEC626}
-------------------------------------------------

This error is raised when DEC could not disseminate a file into a given
*Intray* according to the using hard-links. This is usually associated
to file permission problems of the *Intray* directory.

\[DEC\_627\] File Dissemination Compress / Uncompress Failure {#DEC627}
-------------------------------------------------------------

This error is raised when DEC could not compress / uncompress a file
into a given *Intray* according to the .

\[DEC\_628\] Command Execution Failure {#DEC628}
--------------------------------------

This error is raised when DEC tried to execute a command in sub-shell
obtaining failure status.

\[DEC\_666\] Download Failure {#DEC666}
-----------------------------

This error is raised when DEC could not download a file from a given
interface.

\[DEC\_667\] OData URI Download Failure {#DEC667}
---------------------------------------

This error is raised when DEC could not download a URI file from some
given OData interface delivery point.

\[DEC\_668\] OData Metadata Download Failure {#DEC668}
--------------------------------------------

This error is raised when DEC could not download the OData metadata from
some given OData interface delivery point.

[\[DEC670\]]{#DEC670 label="DEC670"}

\[DEC\_670\] Deletion Failure
-----------------------------

This error is raised when DEC could not delete from the interface a file
which has been successfully downloaded (cf. ). For a given file from a
specific interface this message is exclusive to .

[\[DEC700\]]{#DEC700 label="DEC700"}

\[DEC\_700\] Push Failure to Interface
--------------------------------------

This message is raised at the completion of the interface *push*
operation, when it failed, upon completion of the retry loops (cf. ).
Reason should have been previously logged (e.g. , ,).

[\[DEC703\]]{#DEC703 label="DEC703"}

\[DEC\_703\] Push Iteration to Interface is already running
-----------------------------------------------------------

This message is raised upon execution of a new instance of
decSend2Interface for a given interface when there is already a previous
on-going execution for such given interface.

[\[DEC705\]]{#DEC705 label="DEC705"}

\[DEC\_705\] Push Miss-Configuration for Interface
--------------------------------------------------

This message is raised when interface commanded for *push* circulation
is miss-configured.

### Not existing interface in dec\_interfaces.xml 

    [DEC_705] Foo I/F: such is not a configured interface

### Push flag is disabled in dec\_interfaces.xml 

    [DEC_705] IERS I/F: Enabled4Sending flag is disabled

[\[DEC710\]]{#DEC710 label="DEC710"}

\[DEC\_710\] Failed to send file to Interface
---------------------------------------------

This message is raised when failure to *push* a file towards an
interface.

[\[DEC711\]]{#DEC711 label="DEC711"}

\[DEC\_711\] Cannot Reach SourceDir Sub-Directory
-------------------------------------------------

This error is raised when DEC could not reach a *SourceDir*
sub-directory to fetch the selected files to *push* according to some
miss-configuration.

[\[DEC712\]]{#DEC712 label="DEC712"}

\[DEC\_712\] Cannot Reach Interface Upload Directory
----------------------------------------------------

Failed to reach *UploadDir* for a given interface.

[\[DEC713\]]{#DEC713 label="DEC713"}

\[DEC\_713\] File Hard-link Failure into LocalOutbox
----------------------------------------------------

This error is raised when hard-linking from the source directory to the
local outbox.

[\[DEC714\]]{#DEC714 label="DEC714"}

\[DEC\_714\] File Read Error in LocalOutbox
-------------------------------------------

This error is raised when a file previously detected in the LocalOutbox
for push is not found when reading it to extract its size. This is
usually an integration problem of the data-flow and the component
workflow.

[\[DEC715\]]{#DEC715 label="DEC715"}

\[DEC\_715\] Push Server Error Message
--------------------------------------

Server error message associated to the *push* failure.

### No Write Permission 

    [DEC_715] I/F LOCALHOST_FTPS: 553 Could not create file

[\[DEC740\]]{#DEC740 label="DEC740"}

\[DEC\_740\] Failed to Email Push Success Notification to Interface
-------------------------------------------------------------------

This message is raised when failed to email the notification to inform
about a *success* *push* iteration.

[\[DEC741\]]{#DEC741 label="DEC741"}

\[DEC\_741\] Failed to Email Push Error Notification to Interface
-----------------------------------------------------------------

This message is raised when failed to email the notification to inform
about a *failed* *push* iteration.

[\[DEC742\]]{#DEC742 label="DEC742"}

\[DEC\_742\] Email Server Error
-------------------------------

This message is the (SMTP) server error when sending notification
emails.

### Credentials Not Accepted

    [ERROR] 2020-04-14 18:44:38 NODE_1.mail - [DEC_742] LOCALHOST_NOT_SECURE I/F: Username and Password not accepted

### SMTP Server Not Known

    [ERROR] 2020-04-14 18:49:42 NODE_1.mail - [DEC_742] LOCALHOST_NOT_SECURE I/F: getaddrinfo: nodename nor servname provided, or not known

### Time-Out / Port Miss-configuration

    [ERROR] 2020-04-14 18:56:31 NODE_1.mail - [DEC_742] LOCALHOST_NOT_SECURE I/F: execution expired

### Need TLS / Secure Flag Miss-configuration

    [ERROR] 2020-04-14 18:58:58 NODE_1.mail - [DEC_742] LOCALHOST_NOT_SECURE I/F: Must issue a STARTTLS command first

[\[DEC750\]]{#DEC750 label="DEC750"}

\[DEC\_750\] Event Error
------------------------

This message is logged when the command executed associated to some
raised.

        [ERROR] [DEC_750] I/F NOAA: EventManager failed execution of auxConverter / No such file or directory - auxConverter

[\[DEC798\]]{#DEC798 label="DEC798"}

\[DEC\_798\] Configuration Error
--------------------------------

This message is logged when the XML schema validation corresponding to a
given configuration file is failing.

        [DEBUG] NODE_1.checker - xmllint --schema /Users/mario/.frum/versions/3.1.0/lib/ruby/gems/3.1.0/gems/dec-1.0.33/code/dec/../../schemas/dec_log_config.xsd /Users/mario/.frum/versions/3.1.0/lib/ruby/gems/3.1.0/gems/dec-1.0.33/code/dec/../../config/dec_log_config.xml --noout
        [DEC_798] Fail schema check for dec_interfaces

[\[DEC799\]]{#DEC799 label="DEC799"}

\[DEC\_799\] Integration Error
------------------------------

This message is logged when some unexpected error raised.

[\[AUX600\]]{#AUX600 label="AUX600"}

\[AUX\_600\] Cannot access File
-------------------------------

This message is logged when the file to be converted can not be reached
from the specified path.

[\[AUX666\]]{#AUX666 label="AUX666"}

\[AUX\_666\] No File conversion pattern found
---------------------------------------------

This message is logged when the file to be converted does not meet any
file converted pattern (i.e. the SW does not recognize the type of the
input file).

### Missing SW Dependency

Some SW dependency required by DEC was not found in \$PATH. Refer to to
check the SW dependencies which DEC needs for its correct execution.

        [DEC_799] Fatal Error : 7za not present in $PATH
        [DEC_799] Fatal Error : jq not present in $PATH
        [DEC_799] Fatal Error : xmllint not present in $PATH
        [DEC_799] Fatal Error : sqlite3 not present in $PATH
        [DEC_799] Fatal Error : curl not present in $PATH
        [DEC_799] Fatal Error : ncftpget not present in $PATH
        [DEC_799] Fatal Error : ncftpput not present in $PATH
        [DEC_799] Fatal Error : sftp not present in $PATH

### Database table not existing or reachable

This is an error when not finding the some DEC/Inventory table ; likely
because it has not been created yet.

        [DEC_799] Fatal Error : DEC/Inventory Could not find table 'interfaces'

### Zero length file download

If an interfaces publishes a Zero length file, this can be retrieved
though no data content is really dumped into the file-system (e.g. FTP
protocol replies successful 226). This is an anomaly of the source
interface.

### Compress method for push not supported

This is a configuration error regarding the definition of the
compression mechanism prior push operations.

    [DEC_799] Fatal Error : compress method #{compress} not supported / check dec_outgoing_files.xml

### Unexpected error when launching the listener for pull

This is an unexpected error when launching the listener for pull
operations.

    [DEC_799] I/F #{entity}: Error when launching Listener

### File or Directory not existing or reachable

This is an error when trying to reach one file or directory.

        [DEC_799] I/F #{entity}: No such file or directory @ dir_s_chdir - /volume1/dec/interfaces/dhus_odata/

Debug Messages
==============

Scope
-----

The debug messages by DEC SW are meant in general for troubleshooting
purposes when undesired behaviour raises ; for instance it may be useful
to activate it when rehearsing new configurations.

By default the log debug messages are not generated ; they can be
optionally activated at the execution time of the different DEC commands
by usage of the *--Debug* or *-D* execution flag supplied at the command
line interface.

Index of Messages
-----------------

-   **\[DEC\_910\]** I/F \"interface\": Filtering directory with files
    \"number\" of items

-   **\[DEC\_911\]** I/F \"interface\": performance when filtering
    according to download rules

-   **\[DEC\_912\]** I/F \"interface\": performance when filtering
    according to database

-   **\[DEC\_913\]** I/F \"interface\": filtering file with database

-   **\[DEC\_914\]** I/F \"interface\": \"file\" found in database

-   **\[DEC\_915\]** I/F \"interface\": \"file\" not found in database

-   **\[DEC\_941\]** File dissemination command I

-   **\[DEC\_942\]** File dissemination command II

-   **\[DEC\_951\]** Removing \"file\" in \"directory\" which is

\[DEC\_910\] Filtering Number of Files in Download Directory {#DEC910}
------------------------------------------------------------

This message reports the number of files published in the which are
about to be filtered according to the download rules and the database
content.

\[DEC\_911\] Filtering According to Download Rules {#DEC911}
--------------------------------------------------

This message reports the CPU time resources used to perform the
filtering operations.

[\[DEC912\]]{#DEC912 label="DEC912"}

\[DEC\_912\] Filtering Number of Items with Database
----------------------------------------------------

This message traces the number of files which met the download rules
during a given pull iteration and which are about to be filtered with
respect to the database registry.

[\[DEC913\]]{#DEC913 label="DEC913"}

\[DEC\_913\] Filtering File with Database
-----------------------------------------

This message traces that a file found in the interface, which is
matching the download rules, is about to be verified whether it has been
previously received or not by checking its name reference in the
database.

[\[DEC914\]]{#DEC914 label="DEC914"}

\[DEC\_914\] File Found in Database
-----------------------------------

This message traces that a file found in the interface, which is
matching the download rules, is already registered in the database
referring to a previous successful download, and therefore such file
will be filtered-out and it will not be pulled again.

[\[DEC915\]]{#DEC915 label="DEC915"}

\[DEC\_915\] File Previously Not Recorded in Database
-----------------------------------------------------

This message traces that a file found in the interface, which is
matching the download rules, is not previously registered in the
database, and therefore such file will be requested for download as part
of the *pull* iteration.

\[DEC\_941\] File Dissemination Command I {#DEC941}
-----------------------------------------

This message traces the file-system command used to perform the pulled
file *first* dissemination from the Interface into the first *Intray*
configured according to the .

\[DEC\_942\] File Dissemination Command II {#DEC942}
------------------------------------------

This message traces the file-system command used to perform the pulled
file *remaining* dissemination(s) from the first *Intray* configured
according to the .

\[DEC\_951\] Removal from LocalInbox upon Dissemination {#DEC951}
-------------------------------------------------------

This message reports that the \"file\" has been removed from the
\"directory\" upon a complete dissemination according to the configured
rules.
